vallisneria americana
quercus rubra
sparganium americanum
corylus cornuta
streptopus lanceolatus
adlumia fungosa
symphyotrichum patens
vaccinium corymbosum
amphicarpaea bracteata
campanula rotundifolia
gentiana saponaria
podophyllum peltatum
spiraea latifolia
pinus strobus
gaultheria hispidula
prunus virginiana
gentiana andrewsii
solidago juncea
dirca palustris
euonymus americanus
juglans nigra
quercus macrocarpa
schizachyrium scoparium
fagus grandifolia
rosa setigera
persicaria virginiana
asimina triloba
salix humilis var humilis
juniperus communis
rudbeckia laciniata
solidago rigida
physalis longifolia
arisaema triphyllum
oenothera biennis
panicum dichotomiflorum
penstemon hirsutus
lobelia cardinalis
symphyotrichum novi belgii
crataegus crus galli
erigeron annuus
carya tomentosa
ranunculus abortivus
phlox divaricata
solidago caesia
ambrosia artemisiifolia
zizia aurea
rubus allegheniensis
phlox subulata
euonymus atropurpureus
cornus obliqua
viburnum acerifolium
rhododendron prinophyllum
vaccinium pallidum
equisetum scirpoides
oenothera gaura
peltandra virginica
persicaria sagittata
sagittaria latifolia
ptelea trifoliata
achillea millefolium
fraxinus pennsylvanica
salix nigra
oenothera fruticosa
saururus cernuus
elodea canadensis
veronica peregrina
phytolacca americana
sagittaria graminea
comandra umbellata
cyperus esculentus
betula alleghaniensis
chamaedaphne calyculata
physostegia virginiana
proserpinaca palustris
spartina pectinata
fraxinus nigra
maianthemum racemosum
viburnum lentago
viola labradorica
salix eriocephala
platanus occidentalis
solidago flexicaulis
acer negundo
lathyrus ochroleucus
cirsium discolor
carya cordiformis
betula populifolia
quercus alba
lindera benzoin
arisaema dracontium
symphoricarpos albus
viburnum rafinesquianum
potamogeton illinoensis
antennaria neglecta
polystichum acrostichoides
chamaenerion angustifolium
acer spicatum
smilax rotundifolia
quercus muehlenbergii
salix bebbiana
solanum carolinense
smilax hispida
vaccinium stamineum
galium boreale
pycnanthemum incanum
typha latifolia
taxus canadensis
lemna minor
ilex verticillata
packera aurea
asclepias syriaca
prunus americana
tsuga canadensis
celtis occidentalis
hibiscus moscheutos
castanea dentata
staphylea trifolia
equisetum arvense
glyceria striata
symphyotrichum novae angliae
physocarpus opulifolius
prunus pensylvanica
solidago ulmifolia
apios americana
eupatorium perfoliatum
rubus hispidus
cornus florida
symphyotrichum cordifolium
helianthus giganteus
solidago uliginosa
ceanothus americanus
cakile edentula
thuja occidentalis
rhus aromatica
solidago gigantea
magnolia acuminata
lonicera canadensis
helenium autumnale
caulophyllum thalictroides
aronia melanocarpa
viola pubescens
ilex montana
juglans cinerea
ranunculus sceleratus
cryptotaenia canadensis
vaccinium macrocarpon
carpinus caroliniana
persicaria lapathifolia
eurybia macrophylla
gaylussacia baccata
mentha arvensis
clinopodium arkansanum
hamamelis virginiana
acer nigrum
zannichellia palustris
amelanchier arborea
asclepias tuberosa
lilium canadense
rubus occidentalis
kalmia latifolia
larix laricina
actaea racemosa
physalis heterophylla
veronicastrum virginicum
claytonia caroliniana
gaultheria procumbens
nyssa sylvatica
menispermum canadense
diervilla lonicera
quercus montana
viola pedata
rudbeckia hirta
andromeda polifolia
cornus alternifolia
